I see. What are you going to do next?
I can only find time to rely on my classmates to talk
Then be careful
Don't let your uncle find out
Ok, I know.
Oh, right.
I have already paid the money on my brother's side.
Don't worry.
You always do
Alright. Alright.
I'm going to start working.
Oh what did you scare me for?
You police come here
Send him in.
How's the investigation going?
It's been a few days
I said I would give you justice
If you don't believe me, I'll check it out myself
Okay, I'll give you a few more days.
I need you to do me a favor. What?
Ok ok
What are you asking me for help with?
I'm in dad's computer
Found a lot of hidden files
I can't open it.
You are an expert in kittens, try it.
Then you wait for me here, where am I going?